This project is about executing and building python tool that could automate the cybersecurity reports that is related to security information. This project presents a significant problem for security specialists because a tremendous quantity of cyber data is produced on a regular basis, necessitating the use of automated information collection technologies to enable data querying as well as retrieval. As a result, we introduce Open-CyKG, an Open Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI) Knowledge Graph (KG) architecture built on a recognition-based neural Open Information Extraction (OIE) approach to extracting useful information about cyber threats from unstructured Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) data (Yang et al., 2020). To be more precise, we begin by identifying pertinent entities by creating a NER that assists in identifying association triples created by the OIE model. Following that, the retrieved structured information is canonicalized in order to construct the KG utilizing fusion approaches based on phrase embeddings. As a result, security experts can run queries against the Open-CyKG system to get important data. Experiment findings show that our recommended elements for Open-CyKG exceed state-of-the-art models.
 

Scope:
•	We provide the first OIE-based KG within the cybersecurity sector that doesn't limit extraction tasks to a predefined variety of data. Open-CyKG is an efficient open cyber threat assessment KG model that combines OIE plus NER with KG fusion approaches.
•	We provide a recognition-based sequential-to-sequence OIE framework that outperforms current network topologies, illustrating its utility in data extraction tasks.
•	We create a cybersecurity NER system to categorize important terms in this domain which outperforms many starting points including state-of-the-art models.
•	In the context of Open-CyKG, we perform an improvement and fusion procedure that uses the resulting NER labels with contextualized embedded words to improve the accuracy of the recovered queries.
•	By employing two examples of queries, we demonstrate that after Open-CyKG is built, retrieval of data is able to conduct effectively.
